# Deploy a Phat-EVM Oracle with Offchain Rollup

This repo has implemented a Phat Contract serving as a data source of an EVM oracle. It can:

- Fetch price data from CoinGecko.
- Push-mode oracle: Create and config a price feed on the EVM side, and receive price quotes
  constantly streamed from the Phat Contract.
- Pull-mode oracle: Send individual requests from the EVM side, and receive responses from the Phat
  Contract.

## Architecture

(WIP)

- Phat Contracts
- Offchain Rollup clients
- EVM contracts

## Deploy

### EVM contracts

The EVM contracts are at `evm/` folder in this repo. It's developed with Hardhat. To start, you
should initialize the repo first:

```bash
cd evm/
yarn
```

Compile the EVM contracts

```bash
npx hardhat compile
```

You can choose to the contracts on a local hardhat testnet:

```bash
# Run the commands below in two terminal windows
npx hardhat node
npx hardhat run --network localhost ./scripts/deploy-test.ts
```

Or alternatively, you can deploy it to a public EVM blockchain (e.g. Goerli or Astar) depending on
the network you have configured. You may want to modify `evm/hardhat.config.ts` to add your
network.

```bash
npx hardhat run --network <YOUR-NETWORK> ./scripts/deploy-test.ts
```

You will get an output like below. Please save it for later reference.

```
Deployed {
 anchor: '0xe7f1725E7734CE288F8367e1Bb143E90bb3F0512',
 oracle: '0x5FbDB2315678afecb367f032d93F642f64180aa3'
}
```

### Phat Contract

If you just want to run a unit test, now you can refer to the [EvmPriceFeed unit test docs](./phat/contracts/evm_price_feed/README.md).
Otherwise follow the instructions below if you would like to deploy a real Phat Contract on a live
chain. Here let's assume the deployment target is the Phala PoC-5 live testnet.

> PoC-5 Network parmeters:
>
> - Phat Contract UI: <https://phat.phala.network>
> - Substrate RPC: `wss://poc5.phala.network/ws`
> - PRuntime endpoint: `https://poc5.phala.network/tee-api-1`

You will need to deploy `EvmPriceFeed` contract on the testnet. Enter [Phat UI](https://phat.phala.network).
Get some test coin by `Get Test-PHA` if you don't have. Then you can click `+ Upload` to deploy a
contract. The precompiled contract can be found at:

```
./phat/artifacts/evm_price_feed/evm_price_feed.contract
```

> If you want to build a fresh contract instead, you can follow the Phat Contract [Development Guide](./phat/Development.md).

After a successful deployment, the Phat UI should bring you to the contract page. You can find a
more detailed guide in [Sub0 2022 Workshop](./phat/Sub0-Workshop.md). Now you need to configure
the contract by sending a `config()` transaction with the arguments below:

- `rpc`: The EVM RPC for Phat Contract to send transaction. It must be a http endpoint.
- `anchor_addr`: The anchor contract you deployed on EVM, with "0x".
- `submit_key`: The secp256k1 private key you used to deploy the contracts on EVM,  with "0x". (Note below)
- `token0`: The first token in the trading pair. Must come from the CoinGecko simple price API.
    (e.g. `bitcoin`, or `polkadot`)
- `token1`: The second currency in the trading pair. Must come from the the CoingEcko simple price
    API. (e.g. `usd`)
- `feed_id`: By default, you can use `0` here because it's already configured by the `deploy-test.ts`
    script.

> **Notes on submit_key**: The key is used for the EVM contracts to authenticate the data
> submissions are from the genuine `EvmPriceFeed` contract. The EVM rollup anchor ony accepts the
> transaction singed with the `submit_key`. So, in a secure setup, the submit key should be
> controlled and only controlled by a Phat Contract, without involving any human or 3rd party.
> In production deployment, the `submit_key` should be solely generated by a Phat Contract and
> never leaked to the outside. Once the key is generated, we can query its public key (or address)
> to set as the attestor in the EVM contracts.
>
> However, in the test deployment, we can simply use the EVM deployer wallet as the submit key.
> **DO NOT** follow this setup on production.

Once configured, you can call the following query methods:

- `feed_price()`: Fetch the latest price of your token0/token1 trading pair, and submit it to the
    EVM contracts. You will get `FeedReceived` message on EVM.
- `anser_price()`: Read one request from the EVM side, and answer it with the price quote.
    - Opon a successful EVM deployment, there will be a `polkadot/usd` request in the queue.
    - Once a request is answered, you will receive a `PriceReceived` message. The request will be
        removed from the queue.
    - To add a new request, you can run `npx hardhat run --network localhost ./scripts/testnet-push-request.ts`
- `feed_custom_price()`: A low level method that allows you to send any price data to a customized
    network and contract, not limited by the endpoint or contract address you have configured
    before.

